Pass hello
Su Qinghuan Third Young Master is calling Weird
What are you doing here? Come here
Ah grandpa
Grandpa
How are you talking?
My grandfather has no pulse
Even creepy elves
Can't save it
My grandfather, let me come
Sister, how long will you live?
It's all because of you bitch
You drug grandpa first
Then he procrastinated and killed his grandfather
Cousin, a woman like you should be executed
One more word.
I let them send the white-haired to the black-haired.
This silver needle is a strange 100-turn needle.
Its ghosts must not have strange names
If you dare to touch me
Neither the Chen family nor the country will let you go
Get out of my way, stop what's going on in the heart building
shut up
Auntie, he can really save grandpa
Cousin's mother has a snake and scorpion heart and fails to achieve the goal
Father drugged grandpa
How can you believe him?
Grandpa grandpa
Husband, how can I believe I'm weird now?